when I get into the Wonderbolt Academy
don't think you're one with material
don't you what about you but you can fly
that's the first one off without getting
flagpole yeah and and listen up for the
rest of the camp you'll be listening up
for the rest of the camp you'll be
working in is the desert rough it's
gonna make you bury everything very
disease recover and fly straight against
Europe ready yes ma'am
give me 500 my little little trick
the trick
rarity
permission to enter ma'am
what is it Rainbow Dash I had the best
time ever
Rainbow Dash and you made me a win for
luck you can bow - utak wedding guests
decided to use a tornado a bit excessive
for ghostbusting I quit already
that's an Academy record
like a boss